Text, Aveanna Healthcare.
To all of our Nurses, Aides, and Team Members
Because of you we are United, Inspired, Unstoppable
Thank you.
New Horizons Clinical Team. A team of medical professionals wearing masks hold a sign that says Heroes Work Here. Text, Sarah Clark, Therapy DIrector.
Text, Marla Garland.
Text, Ashley Kenney.
April White/
Text, Susan Ashe.
Text, Thomas Morgan.
Lindsey Roan.
Text, Deb Troy.
Text, Joanna Dufault.
Solmari Rodriguez.
Mindy Chiasson. Sheila Kuras.
Elizabeth Melendez.
Anjilah Clawson.
Michael Harrington
A team of medical professionals wearing masks hold a sign that says Heroes Work Here. Text, Aveanna Healthcare.